MEET 1 - GIS
Geographic Information Systems (GIS) is a specialized information system that manages data having spatial information (spatial referenced). Or in a more narrow sense, is a computer system that has the ability to build, store, manage and display berefrensi geographic information, such as data identified according to location, in a database. Practitioners also include people who build and operate and the data as part of this system.
The system is a group of components and elements are combined into one to achieve certain goals. The system is derived from the Latin (Systema) and Greek (sustema) is a unit consisting of components or elements are linked together to facilitate the flow of information, materials or energy to achieve a goal. The term is often used to describe a set of entities that interact, in which a mathematical model can often be made.
Information is data that comes from the fact that listed and then performed processing (process) into a form that is useful or beneficial for the wearer. Forms of complex and integrated information from the processing of a database that will be used for decision-making at the management will form a Management Information System. Data are facts or the value (value) is recorded or presented a description of an object. Data is a very useful resource for almost all organizations. With the availability of abundant data, it is a matter of setting data effectively becomes a very important thing in the development of management information systems. Definition of information, definition of information, understanding of data, data definition, data, system, management
Geography is the study of the location and the similarities and differences (variations) on spatial physical phenomena, and the man on the earth's surface. The word derives from the Greek language Geo ( "Earth"), and graphein ( "writing" or "explain").
Longitude and Latitude is a geographic coordinate system used to determine the location of a place on the earth's surface. Latitude or latitude is the line that specifies the location is in the north or south of the equator. Latitude is measured from the point of 0 degrees from the equator to 90 degrees at the poles. Longitude or longitude is used to determine the location in the west or east of the north-south line that is often referred to as meridians. Longitude is measured from 0 degrees at the Greenwich to 180 degrees at the International Date Line.
The middle line between the poles of a great circle that divides the earth into two parts, north and south. This imaginary circle line will decrease closer to the poles. Latitude is used to limit climate patterns on Earth's surface, while longitude coordinates for menentukkan time and date. Here is the division of the climate of the earth according brick latitude:
Unlike the case with longitude, or meridians, it has no major limit marker was originally a line of longitude to the limit point 0 degrees agreed upon in Greenwich England in 1884. So until the 19th century there is no standard provision to the starting point of the calendar on the earth and each region / the state has a policy respectively. Just as latitude, the distance between longitudes are also written in units of degrees. Writing on the same map coordinates as well as writing for the latitude. Are identified by letter symbols in tow.
